Terrell am I want to hear this palmers
green skirt needs to go greens brutal as
in our mayor no crab arm hair something
is going on maybe maybe just a prank
phone call or nothing serious he's
running again and maybe someone said he
needs to go and then delete in office or
it could be serious please get up good
Thomas crazy bird
we don't negotiate you got up exactly a
day and a half to get us the money
jason prescott he says he might be able
to help us i think i could get you out
of bail but you stopped to go to trial
you want to save greensburg did you ever
realize that maybe something bigger was
going on than just Greensburg they're
trying to transmit something something
illegal out of the country something
illegal for someone
you